SRVMON SERVER MONITORING SUITE
------------------------------

 *** This suite is currently under development.
 *** This is a draft release.
 *** Version 1.0 expected around May/June 2015.

 *** CURRENT VERSIONS : SRVMON DB       -> 0.51
 ***                    SRVMON DIRECTOR -> 0.1
 ***                    SRVMON AGENT    -> N/A
 ***                    SRVMON WEBUI    -> 0.1
 ***                    SRVMON DESKTOP  -> 0.1

SRVMON is a simple monitoring suite for servers, switches, routers or
every other device which has network access. SRVMON uses a SQL database,
where it stores the hosts which should be checked. A user can define
multiple status checks which can then be applied to a host. A user group
can be notified via mail if there is any change in status of a host.

The suite is divided in multiple applications.

The first an most important part is the database. The database has been 
created in MySQL but should also work with MariaDB. It should also be 
possible to use MSSQL. The database also offers multiple stored 
procedures which can be used to control the data of the database.

The next part is the SRVMON director. This program is only used to check
if the hosts, which are defined in the database, are reachable. The
director disables a host and all its children if the communication
fails. The director is written in Java.

The next part is the SRVMON agent component. The SRVMON agent is used on
the clients in order to communicate with the database and used to
execute the check commands on the host. The agent can execute multiple
check commands which can be defined in the database. A service could be
a simple shell script which checks the CPU usage. The agent would then
periodically execute the script and send the output to the SQL database.
The agent is written in Java.

On other part is the webinterface. The webinterface can be used to view
and configure the SRVMON suite. The webinterface has been written in
PHP 5.

The last part is the desktop client, which is essentially the same as
the webinterface only that it is a standalone application. I created the
application only to show you that it is possible to create multiple user
interfaces for this suite because all the main logic happens in the
database.

I created this monitoring suite just for fun and I know that there are 
other monitoring solutions available but I wanted to do my own project. 
The goal of this project is to create a completely customizable 
monitoring solution. Please feel free to modify and improve this suite.

For any questions please send a mail to <pwarnimo(at)gmail.com>.

---------

Webserver requirements:
 Apache 2
 MariaDB (or MySQL)
 PHP 5
 PHP-GD
 PHP-FPDF
 PHP-MCRYPT
 
As operating system for the webinterface and director, I used Debian 7.8
Wheezy.

The agents should run on every system which supports Java and the SQL
connector for Java. The service scripts that I use are simple shell
scripts.

NOTE: You are not required to use the agent component. It is also 
      possible to write an own agent in a shell script as long as it
      supports a connection to the database. The only thing that the
      agent does, is scheduling the service checks and executing the
      stored procedures in the database.
