SRVMON DIRECTOR - UPDATER V1.1 R1 - INSTALLATION GUIDE
------------------------------------------------------

PACKAGE INSTALLATION
--------------------

A Debian package containing all the necessary files has been
provided and can be used for an easy installation of the DIRECTOR
UPDATER. Simply run the following command as root for the 
installation:

	dpkg -i deb/srvmon-director-updater_1.1-R1.deb

Please note that you need to edit the configuration file for the
UPDATER, before you start the UPDATER. The configuration file is
located in the /etc/srvmon directory under the name 
updater.properties.

MANUAL INSTALLATION
-------------------

* Prerequisites *

In order to compile, build and run this program, you need to have a
compatible JDK installed on your system. Apache ANT is also needed.

This program has been successfully build on Debian 8.0 Jessie by
using the following versions of JDK and ANT:
	
	Name                  Version         Architecture
	=====================-===============-============
	openjdk-7-jdk:amd64   7u79-2.5.5-1~de amd64
	ant                   1.9.4-3         all

All the necessary libraries are included in the lib directory. The
program currently uses the MySQL Java Connector for all the
database functionalities. The version of the MySQL library is the
following:

	mysql-connector-java-5.1.32.jar

You can also use the connector provided in the official Debian
repositories by installing it with the following command:

	sudo apt-get install libmysql-java

Please note that you have to change the build.xml to use the new
directory containing the .jar file of the library.

* Installation *

To compile and build this program, simply invoke the ANT build
script by using the following command:

	cd <Source Base Directory>
	ant

The program is now getting compiled and an executable .jar file
will be created.

After the compilation is complete, you'll need to create the
following directories on your system:
	
	/etc/srvmon
	/var/log/srvmon
	/usr/share/srvmon/jar

Please copy the srvmon-updater.jar file from the dist/ folder to
the /usr/share/srvmon/jar folder. After that, you'll have to copy
the wrapper and init scripts to the right locations:

	cp sample/srvmon-updater_INIT /etc/init.d
	cp sample/srvmon-updater_WRAPPER /usr/sbin/srvmon-updater

* Running the program *

Use the init script to start the DIRECTOR UPDATER:
	
	/etc/init.d/srvmon-updater start

You'll have to change the configuration file of the UPDATER when
you run the program for the first time. The logs are stored in 
the /var/log/srvmon directory under the name director.log.

About
-----

A sample init script for the updater can be found in the sample
directory.

For any questions regarding the SRVMON DIRECTOR - UPDATER please
send an e-mail to the maintainer of the project:

	<pwarnimo(at)gmail(dot)com>
		or use
	https://github.com/pwarnimo/srvmon/issues

The source for this project can be found on GitHub:

	https://github.com/pwarnimo/srvmon
	https://pwarnimo.github.io/srvmon
