SRVMON AGENT V1.0 R1 - INSTALLATION GUIDE
-----------------------------------------

This document will guide you through the installation process of
the SRVMON AGENT. You can either use the provided package to 
install the agent or manually install the agent.

Package Installation
--------------------

A Debian package has been provided for the AGENT. The package
will set up the necessary directories and files for the SRVMON
AGENT. To install the package, simply run the following command 
as root:

	dpkg -i deb/srvmon-agent_1.0-R1

After the installation is finished, you have to edit the 
configuration file of the AGENT with your values. A sample
configuration will be generated after the installation of the
package. To run the AGENT simple use the init script:

	/etc/init.d/srvmon-agent start

The logs will be written to /var/log/srvmon/agent.log.

Manual Installation
-------------------

* Prerequisites *

In order to compile, build and run this program, you need to have a
compatible JDK installed on your system. Apache ANT is also needed.

This program has been successfully build on Debian 8.0 Jessie by
using the following versions of JDK and ANT:
	
	Name                  Version         Architecture
	=====================-===============-============
	openjdk-7-jdk:amd64   7u79-2.5.5-1~de amd64
	ant                   1.9.4-3         all

All the necessary libraries are included in the lib directory.

* Installation *

To compile and build this program, simply invoke the ANT build
script by using the following command:

	cd <Source Base Directory>
	ant

The program is now getting compiled and an executable .jar file
will be created.

* Running the program *

Before you run the program, you need to create some directories
for the AGENT:

	mkdir /etc/srvmon
	mkdir /var/log/srvmon
	mkdir /usr/share/srvmon
	mkdir /usr/share/srvmon/jar
	mkdir /usr/share/srvmon/checkscripts

The executable .jar file for the program can be found in the dist
directory under the name srvmon-agent.jar. Please copy the file
to the /usr/share/srvmon/jar directory. The checkscripts must be
copied into the /usr/share/srvmon/checkscripts directory.

You can now copy the wrapper and init script to the apropriate
directories:

	cp sample/srvmon-agent_WRAPPER /usr/sbin/srvmon-agent
	cp sample/srvmon-agent_INIT /etc/init.d/srvmon-agent

When you start the AGENT for the first time, a sample config file
will be generated and must be edited before you start the AGENT
again.

QUESTIONS
---------

For any questions regarding the SRVMON AGENT please send an 
e-mail to the maintainer of the project:

	<pwarnimo(at)gmail(dot)com>
		or use
	https://github.com/pwarnimo/srvmon/issues

The source for this project can be found on GitHub:

	https://github.com/pwarnimo/srvmon
	https://pwarnimo.github.io/srvmon
